# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**This dataset contains data about clients of a bank and we seek to predict if a client is going to apply for a loan"**

It is not possible to tell which model was the best by comparing best auto ml model to the logistic regressor since they both resulted into very similar prediction accuracy, namely: 0.91

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**
1- Read data stored in csv file
2- Clean data by removing irrelevant features
3- One hot encode
4- Split data into train/test sets
5- prepare training script to call logistic regression algorithm
6- Config hyper drive in Azure machine learning to call the training script several times with different hyper parameters
7- Run the hyper drive
8- Register the best model and save the found parameters 


**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**
The hyper parameter "C" was sampled using an uniform distribution to increase the probability of choosing the optimal value.
The hyper parameter "max iteration" was sampled using choice function to reduce the number of tested parameters (which increases the speed of training)

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**
The early stopping policy helps to save time (money as well), the policy I chose helps to stop when no improvement was observed for two consecuitive runs.
## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
